this entire season we've been doing what
we can to help our viewers who were
going through a tough time today I'm
gonna call someone who watches the show
every day last year she had a great job
at a global sales firm and new baby a
new husband and one month later she and
her husband bought their first home she
was laid off so she's barely getting by
him to call her at home right now and
surprise her because she says that she's
lucky if she even has $20 left over
after paying all the bills and uh that's
even before she buys baby food and
diapers and stuff like that so Alicia it
looks like I missed your call
so leave me a message that's right he
has to turn off their cell phones when
they're here Alicia come on down here
oh boy your husband is right there
what's your husband's name Danny hi
Danny how you doing
all right so hi hi how are you I love
you too
so where do you live we live in
Beaverton Oregon uh-huh right outside of
Portland all right and and so I pretty
much just described your story but yeah
you're staying pretty positive somehow
how do you stay so positive God you know
we have a beautiful 11 month-old son
cute little picture I saw the picture he
looks like a painting you'd find you
know in an antique that doesn't look
real that's like one of those 1950s
portraits that you bought in you look at
that all right so you have a little baby
that you've got a baby watch you every
day I have to tell you I have an alarm
set on my cell phone at five to three
prayers show and every time my alarm
goes off my husband goes time to watch
Ellen exactly what it is that's sweet so
you know we have a yeah we have a
beautiful son and lost my job you know a
lot of things kind of went on and it's
best in about six months yeah so you
know how are you getting by saving like
$20 left over at the end of the month
pretty much oh all right well we want to
help I know you bought a house and it
needs repairs lots of different things
no let me start let's see we're gonna
first of all give you a one-year supply
of Huggies diapers so that will help to
have
then
to help with your home repairs true
value hardware is giving you a $5,000
worth of supplies
and also true value wants to give you
this as well Andy
you